Things to do:
1. Skip the line: Park Guell and La Sagrada Familia Guided Tour
Barcelona’s Park Guell and Sagrada Familia can both draw lines in excess 
of two or three hours. This skip-the-line, small-group tour lets you bypass
the lines at both Gaudi creations, so you spend less time waiting and more experiencing the 
Catalan architect’s genius. Plus, rather than explore independently—and having to arrange travel 
between the two sites—you get a guide for extra insight and convenient transport laid on.

Highlights:
Hassle-free skip-the-line Sagrada Familia and Park Guell tour in Barcelona
Beat the often-long lines at both Gaudi masterworks to save time and stress
Tour both sites with a guide to see detail and highlights you may miss alone
Relax with private transport between the sights and a small group capped at 12
Cost: From $109.57 per adult

2. Montserrat Half-Day Tour with Tapas and Gourmet Wines
Combining Montserrat Monastery with a winery visit for wine tastings is an unusual combination that’s difficult to arrange independently. This day trip makes it easy: with round-trip air-conditioned transport and a guided tour of Montserrat so you see and learn about all its highlights. Plus, your winery tour includes tastings, tapas, and dessert, so you don’t need to budget for lunch.
Highlights:
Montserrat monastery and winery tour from Barcelona
Explore the mountain monastery with a guide to learn about its past
Great-value: Winery visit includes tour, tastings, tapas, and dessert
Group limited to 20 for a personalized atmosphere
Cost: from $88.48 per adult

3. Flamenco Show at Tablao Flamenco Cordobes Barcelona in Las Ramblas
A tablao is a dedicated flamenco performance venue and Tablao Flamenco Cordobes is considered Barcelona's best. With a heritage of more than 50 years and decor inspired by the dynasty that built the Alhambra, it draws stars of the art form from across Spain. Opt to watch the show with a drink or enjoy a comprehensive 
package with dinner in the adjacent restaurant plus unlimited beer, wine and soft drinks.
Cost: From $50.91 per adult

4. Girona and Costa Brava Small-Group Tour with Hotel Pickup from Barcelona
Without renting a car, visiting Girona and Costa Brava from Barcelona is difficult in one day. 
This small-group tour lets you do it with ease, so you get the most from the stops along the way. 
Explore Girona and medieval villages, and experience Costa Brava’s cliffs and beaches. 
If you wish, upgrade for a private tour.
Duration: 10hrs

Highlights:
Explore Girona and the Costa Brava coast with ease, in a day from Barcelona
Visit medieval Girona, Pals, and Calella de Palafrugell with a guide
Admire the architectural styles from Moorish arches to Gothic doorways
Limited to eight for small-group experience, or upgrade for private tour
Cost: from $110.12 per adult

5. Paella Barcelona: Market Visit, Tapas, Sangria and Paella Class
Go beyond enjoying an authentic Spanish meal with this chef-led foodie experience—from market 
to plate. First, you’ll head to the famous La Boqueria market, scoping out fresh ingredients. 
Shopping complete, you’ll head to the classroom for tapas and sangria before fastening your apron 
and trying your hand at paella. Once everything's plated, sit down to your creation with your 
fellow chefs, toasting to your best meal in Barcelona.
Cost: from $96.29 per adult

6. 10hr Barcelona Day Trip: Kayak & Snorkel Costa Brava + Lunch, Beach time, Photos
Explore the wild scenery of Spain’s Costa Brava—and enjoy a fun-filled, active day on the water—on this 
full-day trip from Barcelona. Meet at the Arc de Triomf, and head up the coast to the kayak center. 
Following an introduction, grab your kayak and gear and hit the water. You’ll explore coves and caves; 
will have free time for swimming and snorkeling; will eat a picnic lunch on the beach; and more.
Cost: from $98.50 per adult

7. City Sightseeing Barcelona Hop-On Hop-Off Bus Tour
Don’t waste time navigating often confusing public transit in Barcelona. Instead, benefit from the convenience of a hop-on 
hop-off sightseeing bus, ideal for travelers tight on time or first-time visitors. Choose when and where to ‘hop off’, tailoring 
your sightseeing schedule to your specific tastes, while learning more about the landmarks than you probably would alone, thanks 
to the onboard commentary.
Cost: from $36.79 per adult

Hotels:
1. Hotel 1898
Cost: $359-$420 per night

2. Yurbban Ramblas Boutique Hotel
Cost: $240-$280 per night

3. Hotel Arts Barcelona’s
Cost: from $450 per night

4. Olivia Balmes Hotel
Cost: from $212 per night

5. Hilton Diagonal Mar Barcelona
Cost: from $222 per night

Transportation: 
Public transport such as the metro, tram and FGC are the quickest, simplest, most convenient and most sustainable way of getting around Barcelona. You can choose from the different ticket types and travel cards.
Bus: A fleet of over 1,000 fully adapted buses serve all areas of Barcelona. The integrated fare system means that travel cards can be used on the metro, trams, FGC and Renfe trains (zone 1)
Bike:Bicycles are a healthy, clean and silent way of getting around the city. Barcelona has an extensive and well-laid out network of cycle lanes and all kinds of services that make it easy to get around by bike. You can cycle through Barcelona's open spaces and parks.
Taxi:There are more than 10,000 taxis in the city which can be easily identified by their yellow and black livery. There are more than 300 bus stops in Barcelona and its metropolitan area providing convenient access to this service. A green light on the taxi roof indicates its availability.

